---
title: "Coding Journey Blog Post 5"
date: 2024-04-12
---

Yesterday was case and point of why for every developer it's a love and hate relationship. Following along the simple tutorial to deploy the machine learning model to hugging face was the most convoluted and mind numbinging exercise I've experienced. For no other reason than the universe always presents system errors, I could not figure out for the life of me how to get the jupyter notebook running properly. Had issues with the exporting of the notebook, importing and using the right libraries on my remote session, issues with github pushing and committing, and even issues with loading the webpage. Now there's even more convolution happening with the fastsetup and fastbook. Seems that the video lesson is dated as fastbook has seen the sunset and the team at fast.ai have created a new tool call quarto which I have to learn. Regardless, I did not do what an older version of myself since college would have done and absolutely fucking perservered and broke errors down into their component parts. I was mentally taxed, but focused. I was not mentally sharp, mind wandering away; side note - I am grateful for keeping my phone in my backpack and not getting distracted by it. Remembering what Kobe Bryant said about summer workouts and regime - you've made a commitment to yourself, so I will continue by it. The minute you cheat yourself or give yourself permission to skimp out, its a slippery slop which is hard to recover from. I am enjoying the hell out of this struggle and effort. I am only trying to be the best deep learning programmer I can become and work on exciting projects that spark interest in me. Today I am going to do a bit of review of lesson 1 quiz and finish reading through the chapter 2 and take notes along with creating the lesson 2 quiz. Then I am going to take a deep breath and look at everything I have done up until this point and summarize it here. After that I will clean up my files/brain space and get to work on the side projects until the end of this weekend. Lesson 3 is not to be started until Monday! The weekend's mission for this deep learning course is to review and tinker on your own projects. I also want to do a bit of writing and earmark a deep work session for the hydrogren startup landscape and a deep work session for Q-Braid tutorial in lieu of my meeting with the CEO on Monday.

Okay, it's been a few hours and here is the summary of deep learning so far.