---
title: "Coding Journey Blog Post 4"
date: 2024-04-09
---

I heard somewhere about the idea that humans love doing hard things It was from the most recent Jay Shetty podcast with Robin Sharma. I owe alot of my mentality and values from reading Robin Sharma's books so that conversation was really intriguing for me as I took some time to just sit and reflect on how I am approaching life today. It has been a combinaiton of years and months of trying to figure out and plan where I want to take my life and career. Spending hours listening to podcasts, watching motivational videos, and endlessly planning. But today I am finally reaching the promised land and the work is just beginning! That's the essence of the humans just love doing hard things and working extremely hard. I have my routine for wellbeing and have been really happy as of late, not in a faking type of way but in a real honest true feeling of content which leads to my happiness. I am working hard on deep learning and coding which I love. I am confident in getting a job with Samir and not worried about applying elsewhere for the moment because I am using my time alone here in my bubble that I have created in Chicago as a 2 month launching pad for myself into my next phase of life. I see everything I am doing today as setting me up for a future I can't envision right now. But I am also not thinking about the future and just focused on today and today only. What am I doing after I write this? What am I going to do for lunch and looking forward to the 15 minutes youtube video I will watch during that break. Then will I try and find a time for a quick run or workout before I go for the Polsky event at Gleacher center? These are all things I care about today. A future is not guaranteed, but today is, so I am doing hard things, I am living today purposefully with grate-fullness so that tomorrow I can hopefully do the same. That is all.

Regarding my fitness and nutrition. I am doing really well in my simple nutrition plan. I love the rotation of eggs in the morning with tofu stir fry and grilled chicken wraps. I need to add one more non-tofu dish to have a fourth more powerful item in my rotation and I am leaning towards a daal. I need a pressure cooker. Not regretful I did not bring the pressure cooker from back home, I just need to figure out the best way of making said daal. Maybe I start with the lentils from trader joes and make a dry usal that mommy makes and eat that with a yogurt raita and roti? This weekend maybe I venture out to the Indian store in Lakeshore east and see what ideas spark for another healthy meal that can become a staple in my diet. Suprisingly keeping really firm on not having desserts or overeating when my sweat cravings hit. It's a daily challenge but today right now as I write this I feel good that I haven't eaten much sweats even if I did indulge it wouldn't change my feeling today. I think it has to be just an inner feeling of wellness and mental benefit. So keep resisting as you can nutritional habits that detract from your well-being because a temporary satisfaction incrementally negates your being. Tonight after the gleacher center event I am affording myself the luxury of having bombay wraps and 1 drink at Hrishi's. My only restraint is that I have to leave his place at 930 and take the train or bus home to be in bed by around 1030pm so that I can wake up wednesday and have my same routine. Wednesday I am also okay with indulging with Jeremey at the Signature Bar, as I keep similar goals. Since I am okay with these things and I am mindful about what I will eat and drink it brings me joy and is not a net negative. Because of my discipline elsewhere my mind is happily okay with indulging cravings that I have worked hard for. Socializing and having good food and drinks are great for you once in a while. And I know, not that I deserve it, but that i've earned it and I have strategies to make sure that I continue to earn it going forward.
