---
title: "Coding Journey Blog Post 3"
date: 2024-04-07
---

End of the week and I am sitting here going to reflect on everything I have accomplished so far and where I want to get better next week while also acknowledging the things I did well so far. I had a good start to the week by tinkering with full stack development. I need to get my GitHub pages up and running next week with my portfolio website and all these blogs posted there. That is going to be more sole source of truth and portfolio for myself. A thought that I am having is on the merits of using GitHub pages as the portfolio website for myself. This idea is intriguing to me because it forces the use of GitHub which will help me learn how to use this tool. The simplicity of my ideal portfolio website as a static site with no agenda or formal goals is the way I want to approach it. This next week I have to make sure that I come back to react and all the other full-stack development tech stack so that I can make progress here. Deep learning and fast AI is amazing.

I have started lesson 1 and am almost through it all. It's really giving me a spark and exciting me to tinker with coding projects and perservere through the challenges. Jeremy Howard had an interview on a podcast a few weeks ago which I watched this afternoon and his comment is that most people don't perserver and like to get their hands dirty and climb up the proverbial mountain of challenge that will occur on the journey. The level of participation drops significantly after the first few lessons, but I am actually, to my pleasant surprise, actually up for this challenge and am excited at the art and creativeness required to be a deep learning practitioner. I thought about it all day on Saturday when I went volunteering with Sunil and Harsh and had a moment where I wanted to say, "screw that" I want to go home and learn. But it's funny because it's hard sometimes to keep pushing and having the motivation to go through the lessons fully focused even when I am sitting in front of the computer screen. This is where Jeremy Howard's idea of commitment and perserverance comes in. Man I have to find another adjective than perserverance. Tomorrow I'll have something different.

Looking through the notes for today I am going to do the following, 1. Summarize some thoughts from lesson 1 and 2. Chart out some goals and plans for the week.

The most challenging aspect I have to overcome is understanding why my is this a racket classifier is not working well. This is a combination of factors including how to tweak the model? What data is required? How do we train it? This is non-trivial, but your excitement and motivation to get it to work is how you will become a more artful and skilled deep learning practicioner. So this weeks goal I am setting is that I am able to create a model that is able to distinguish between a tennis racket and a squash racket with 90% accuracy. This will probably require me to have custom data prepared and even though the deep learning lessons does not get into this until later lessons - it's something I have to learn this week. Further model features could be identifiying ping pong rackets and badminton rackets too! Or even ping pong rackets versus pickleball rackets. Ideas will flow to your head, but your goal is to execute and develop these practical applications, not act like a consultant and theoreticize about it. I was very intrigued by the examples provided on non_image tasks. Converting sound haptics to images and classifying urban sounds. Turning olive oil food spectographs to images and classying olive oils via time series. Turning mouse clicks to images. These are all advanced models and ways you can use your knoweledge now. It's hard and requires lots of time and effort, but it's totally doable. I can do it. So keep at it and have a strong week next.

This week's focus is to personally get into a solid routine. I will set out and chart my workout philosophy and plan for the week, my less is more food plan is understood, so now it is about having an amazing Monday. I have the Polsky event on Tuesday, so make sure you allocate some time tomorrow for that work and spend some time next week as well on other job search and prospecting. Although your main focus is going to continue being on deep learning and development. Let's get it done! See you tomorrow! Well I have 45ish minutes before I'm going for dinner.