---
title: "Coding Journey Blog Post 1"
date: 2024-04-01
---

I have started the challenge for April! I am going to use this as a way to summarize my daily coding journey and somewhere to just put words on paper everything I have learned during the day. Yesterday, my mission was to build the version 1 of my AI bookstore but it quickly turned into a day to build my "less is more" tech stack. I have this philosophy of, "less is more" and when it comes to full stack development and my goals, I felt that it was imperative to outline how this looks for me so that I can stay the course over the next few months on this journey. My full tech stack looks something like this.

**Deep Learning:** Python, Pytorch, Jupyter Notebooks, Fast AI library

**Backend:** Node.JS Servless functions, MongoDB + Mongoose, Mailgun, Stripe, Vercel

**Frontend:** Next.JS, React.JS, Tailwind CSS, Daisy UI Library

I did a good job of understanding the file structure for a React project and figured out how to deploy it in the terminal by myself. It was a bit of a struggle but utilized chat gpt as my modern day stackoverflow which made me push through it more effectively than before. Without this tool, I am sure that it would have have been a harder push for me to get started and continue on my coding journey.

What I am learning is that a React JS project has many elements that are required to deploy which includes all the css elements and other elements in the file structure, so I worked out a, "less is more" philosophy on a common file structure for a react app and even thought about files for adding deep learning elements. Next step will be to understand how to deploy to Microsoft Azure Cloud. Oh man, it took me a while to come to terms with azure as my cloud provider but I choose it primarily for 2 reason's. Firstly - Microsoft is close to my heart given that I grew up 10 minutes from Redmond and it's where my mom works. It's part of my blood even if I don't work there and have been rejected numerous times even for an interview. Secondly, I could see myself working there in the future if the opportunity presents itself over Amazon. I could even work at Google one day, but my first reason was the deciding factor for choosing Azure over GCP. So let's go. Azure to the max.

Sample React file structure has alot of various packages and other files that frankly you need to just ignore and let it exists. You don't need to care the bare bones details, just abstract it out and focus on what is core to the projects your working on. Your src directory will have multiple sub directories. What I am interested in learning as I go along, is the best practice for deploying my ipython notebook with this set up, is the way I am thinking the best approach? How does it do it in the deep learning course? I will get these answers as I continue along, so stop fretting and keep pushing yourself to learn. On deep learning, it's Monday April 1, and I re-watched lesson 1 of the deep learning. I need to start experimenting, just for fun and take the rest of the day without a prescriptive approach that I am going to do 1 hour of this, followed by 1 hour of this, and then do xyz. Just do shit and explore in a deep work mode. I am finding it so exciting that this fast ai is a library built on top of pytorch that can easily allow you to create use cases and analysis. Fine-tuning and understanding how these libraries are built you will get to later on, but the idea is that these models are pre-trained and you input your data and use cases and fine-tune and explore. So explore some use cases. Explore the libraries and build some tools. Try to take it slowly and steadly and not get overwhelmended, asking yourself, wait how do I create my own dataset, how do I do this complex algorithm. You will learn and get to that understanding soon, but learning is a daily process over many months through practice and you will get better and become a deep learning practictioner. Take the idea that you will treat this journey like getting better at a sport. You play and experiment with some of the rules and frameworks understood and as you get better and better with practice you learn the weeds.
